doc contribution/documentation: add how to new documentation (#2028)
groonga/groonga: doc/source/contribution/documentation/introduction.md

- [Run `cmake` with `--preset=doc`](#run-cmake-with---presetdoc)
- [Generate HTML](#generate-html)
- [How to edit Documentation](#how-to-edit-documentation)
- [How to add new documentation](#how-to-add-new-documentation)
- [Preview changes on HTML files](#preview-changes-on-html-files)
- [Send patch](#send-patch)

> - [Optional: Translate documentation](#optional-translate-documentation)

Reviewer: 今のテーマだと右のサイドバーに自動生成されたTable of Contentsがあるんですけど、このリストを手動でメンテナンスし続けた方がいいですか？

https://groonga.org/docs/contribution/documentation/introduction.html

Author: あぁ。なるほど。サイドバーにあるならこのリストは不要だと思います。
削除します。

Author: 削除しました。

For Example, if you want to edit this {doc}`introduction` page, you should edit the `doc/source/contribution/documentation/introduction.rst` file.
Please find the file you wish to edit and make your changes.

(how-to-add-new-documentation)=
## How to add a new documentation

> If you want to add a new documentation, you need to add new documentation into `doc/files.am` and `doc/files.cmake` by the following command lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add a new documentation, you need to add the new documentation into `doc/files.am` and `doc/files.cmake` by the following command lines.
```

For Example, if you want to edit this {doc}`introduction` page, you should edit the `doc/source/contribution/documentation/introduction.rst` file.
Please find the file you wish to edit and make your changes.

> ## How to add new documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(how-to-add-new-documentation)=
## How to add a new documentation
```

> If you want to add new documentation, you need to add new documentation into `doc/files.am` and `doc/files.cmake` by the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add a new documentation, you need to add new documentation into `doc/files.am` and `doc/files.cmake` by the following command lines.
```

```console

> % cmake -S . -B ../groonga.doc --preset=doc
> % cmake --build ../groonga.doc
> % ninja doc_update_files -C ../groonga.doc

Reviewer: 新しいドキュメントではプロンプトは`$`にしましょうか。

```suggestion
$ cmake -S . -B ../groonga.doc --preset=doc
$ cmake --build ../groonga.doc
$ ninja doc_update_files -C ../groonga.doc
```

```

> Note that you need to submit your new documentation, `doc/files.am`, and `doc/files.cmake` to the Groonga repository in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you need to commit not only the new documentation but also `doc/files.am` and `doc/files.cmake` in this case.
```
